daytime sighting iqaluit narrative it
first time I've ever seen a UFO during
the day seeing lots at night up here
strange zoom in a little bit holy
it is a glowing ball oh I can't just sit
still
fit
it's like it's phasing in and out stop
moving the light over to the wrong way
the camera would stop moving that's what
it is weird the way that keeps focusing
in and out like that
I lost it it's still there but it's
not a balloon they've already went all
the way that direction and then came
back so just got to find it again or is
it there it is
don't move that light Raj
it's still there it's right there bunny
look straight up into the sky see the
light up in the sky
come on right there the white light in
the sky up there see you all fault look
right there oh I got it on video anyway
Oh lots of you oh I see it I see it yes
it is I hope it doesn't go fast I hope
it thank you full flower land it is that
what I saw the pics too late it is on
our land here hey coke I knew it too big
a little oh oh oh what's all this movie
there's water everywhere yeah it's evan
is it yeah why